---
layout: post
title: "Blog day 1"
description: "Introduction"
category: testing
tags: [testing]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

So I started using [HabitRPG](http://habitrpg.com) this week with a few friends from ACM, and decided to add blog posts to my dailies category.  I've tried various todo lists before, but perhaps the social party system in this will actually encourage me to use it more.  It adds a bit of competitiveness to keeping up with everyone's levels, as well as yelling at each other if someone falls behind since you share quests for new stuff.

This post is pretty much just an introduction post to make sure everything is still functioning.  The site runs completely on jekyll through github pages, so creating a post requires me to run rake and commit it to github, which feels kind of weird.  Nothing too complicated though.

To catch anyone up with any ranting I will have in the future, a bit of background and scattered thoughts about this semester:

CS460 - I've been working to develop the security lab course every week, this includes writing the lectures and the labs.  My goal is to try to make everything as portable as possible, because it would be cool to be able to post on /r/netsec or something as a tutorial.  This week we had our first bad lab.  I did not test it, which led to some horrible issues in installing and me being able to provide support.  I feel really bad about it.  Will need to avoid that at all costs in the future.

CS242 - Programming Studio.  I was excited to take this course, but I fell behind in the first week and it just avalanched.  I really didn't want to code in Java.  We started a new project that involves some simple parsing of JSON and then throwing the data into a graph data structure.  My instructor approved me writing it in Clojure, which I'm really excited to do since I've heard good things about the language!

CS373 - This class is way more interesting than previous semesters, and I'm really glad I put it off for my last semester.  We've been learning material from a model of computation called Rewriting Logic, and the course is basically a program verification and programming languages discussion.  The homeworks are really fun, and I find the idea of rewriting really interesting.  I'm excited to see where it's leading.  I'm not the biggest fan of Maude so far though.  Which is kind of a bummer.

Sigpony - So many things to do.  We have a possible exploitable crash that we need to analyze, also way up on the todo list is finally reverse engineering the iclicker.  I plan on getting the site updated so that we can have some Intro to RE stuff for the new members, and I'm going to look into using an SDR to monitor the RF communication between the iclicker and the base station, because the firmware is a bit messy since I don't know AVR.  I have no clue if that is a possible task, but it will be fun to play with.

I have a few other projects in store for the semester, but for right now, I think I wrote way more than enough for today.  I was only going to test out the blog.  Hopefully I can keep this kind of hype going.